she said
mr. I wanna I wanna kiss hi guys welcome
back to my channel thank you so much for
watching today I'm gonna film a video
all about my hair so I was going to be
talking to you about kind of the process
of my hair however long too short and a
dark blonde to quite a light blonde so
the other day I visited my salon which
is curved hair by Mossman and my
hairdressers name is yo and I basically
just wanted to get rid of the regrowth
so I thought I'd bring my camera along
and actually just film the process of
how he does my hair so if you wanted to
see how he does it I filmed it I'm going
to put clips into this video then please
keep watching so basically what I do
when I go to my hair salon is I get
highlights but it's quite different to
any other salon I've been to personally
because yo uses a freehand technique so
he doesn't use foils or anything like
that he as you can tell by the clips I'm
going to be putting in is he uses a
freehand method which means he just
paints the dye into my hair and then
just leaves as is previously when I've
been to other hair salons they've used
foils in my hair and because I naturally
have quite a mousey blonde which is a
dark blonde hair color when they put the
highlights in my hair you can tell and
it's quite in my opinion Tiger striping
so I never liked that in my childhood a
few different places and they all did
the same thing so I didn't actually ever
like how that turned out of my hair but
in saying that I know that a lot of
people use spoils in their hair to get
highlights and I'm sure that's
absolutely beautiful on everyone just as
a personal preference I never actually
liked it on myself so when I was younger
in about year 10 or 11 I got highlights
and
here and I didn't like it because of
like I said on me I thought it looked
like tiger-stripe in unnatural so
because I didn't like it I dyed my hair
brown and I loved that for a while but I
didn't do anything with my hair after
that because I just didn't want to keep
touching it didn't wanna keep diet
so if you didn't know I had quite long
hair it was down past my bum and I loved
it at the time was just such a nice high
school long ponytail and hairdo for me
but when I left school and I'm in my
first year of uni now I just wanted I
just wanted to change my hair and get a
new book so I cut it all off straight
away I just put it in a ponytail and cut
it all off and I still have that printed
out which is probably so gross but yeah
I saw it and yes so basically in doing
so I cut the natural blonde bits of one
of my hair off and I was left with quite
a nasty brown hair cut so I went to yo
and I wanted just to get some blonde
bits put back in my hair and he
lightened it using his free hand
technique and I absolutely loved it the
majority of the questions I get is how
did I go from such an extreme dark
blonde to such an extreme light blonde
and what euro does is he uses bleach and
he just pays the bleach onto my hair and
then he leaves it in as long as he
thinks I need but then the most
important part of the whole hair process
is actually the toner that he uses so on
me uses specific toner that is going to
allow me to achieve a really creamy
honey blonde and that's the most
important part of it so it's not
actually the hair dye itself it's the
toner he uses after he dies my so when I
got my haircut I went to you as well and
he put quite a lot of through a texture
through my hair
he put quite a lot of layering not
but just texture through my hair and I
think it just suits long bulbs much more
because it just gives you that texture
and that nice framing of your face
without it being too jagged but yeah so
basically that's what we do
hope I've been slightly insightful I've
probably used the wrong terminology
throughout this whole entire videos and
if I butchered that I'm sorry yo
otherwise just go see him in your cell
one which is enhancement
I'll leave the salons phone number and
email down below in the description box
if you want to contact this alum get
your hair done otherwise I hope you guys
have enjoyed enjoy this video make sure
you please give a thumbs up it would
help me out so much and also subscribe
to our channel if you want to see more
from me of course and I don't have
anything else to say except I'll see you
guys next time bye
you